This design in Stitch is fantastic.
And this design, as well,
it's, you know, it's not my favorite.
And what's interesting is is that this
not favorite screen was the first screen
that Stitch generated. Getting to
[music] this screen came down to one
thing,
direction. So, more often than not, you
will get better results with Stitch if
you can start your prompt with a design
concept, a vibe, or a general aesthetic.
Think about it this way. Coding agents,
they're really good at writing code, and
they can be even more effective if you
play the role of their tech lead. And
Stitch is really good at designing, and
it can be even more effective when you
act as the creative director. So, let me
show you by starting with a basic
prompt. So, for the first prompt, I'm
going to hold back, and I'm going to
just write a road running race listing
page.
All right, let's see what we got.
So, this is what Stitch gives us with
with almost no direction. It's dark,
it's it's got races and stuff, but does
it feel like anything?
Not exactly. It's, you know, a shot in
the dark. You might like it, you might
not. By the way, it lacks direction. So,
the first thing that I think about when
it comes to design, it isn't color,
typography, and layouts. It's empathy. I
want to think about what my user needs
and what I want them to feel when they
come to the site. So, here's a mistake
that I see a lot. Describing your idea
with abstract words, like make it look
good or high-end. And there's just not
enough direction. Here's an example. If
I were designing a site about Washington
D.C., and I described the aesthetic as
patriotic or monumental, I'd get pretty
generic results. Think about what D.C.
actually looks like. If you've ever
been, it's a lot of marble columns,
wide-open plazas, and these monuments,
they are neoclassical. And that's a word
Stitch can build from. And now the
design feels real. It feels like
standing in the Jefferson Memorial. But
how do I turn this feeling into a
prompt? So, they say that design is a
lot like writing. You should design what
you know. That I actually don't know if
they say that. It sounds very good. I'm
going to go with it. What I know is
running. So, I'm going to make a
community marathon site where runners
share all the stuff that you learn only
after you've actually run the marathon.
So, this site should feel very
prestigious or prestigious.
It should feel very important because
these are historic races in world-class
cities. And I can take this same
approach for my marathon site. Instead
of using words like sporty or athletic,
that'll just give me like green running
shoes. I want to describe what it
actually feels like. But how do I use
the right words? You know the answer. We
ask Gemini. And I ask it to help me
write a prompt using design concepts,
aesthetic descriptions, and to establish
a creative direction. I'm thinking about
the prestige of the Boston Marathon,
colors that are historic in running,
like the clay of an old track. And
Gemini comes back with language like
architectural limestone, ink on paper.
And these are words that I would not
have known to use on my own, but they're
exactly the kind of words that Stitch
can build from. So, now my prompt
describes what the site is and how it
should feel. Let's see the difference.
Okay, that's that's already a lot better
because there's intent here.
A runner's guide to the world's greatest
marathon, the spirit of the 26.2, the
list of the actual marathons.
This is not perfect, but it's something
I can work with. So, before we go any
further, notice that Stitch already
created a design system for us.
This is the DNA of your design. It
contains colors, fonts, components, and
you can use this to keep screens in your
project consistent. And there's a second
tab in here called design.md.
Stitch generated a structured creative
brief from our prompts. It covers
creative direction, color hierarchy with
specific roles,
typography rationale,
elevation components,
even do's and don'ts. And this is what's
driving the design system.
And you can edit it directly, or you can
go and have an LM generate one for you.
And we're going to come back to this.
So, this design system has four color
roles, primary, secondary, tertiary, and
neutral.
Now, don't think of these as a palette
of matching colors.
Think of them as a hierarchy. Each color
has a job based on visual weight and
importance. And there's a lot of ways
that we can establish a color hierarchy.
But here's a method that I like to use.
Let's start with neutral.
Neutral is about 80 to 90% of your
screen. It's the canvas. So, with design
systems, you can modify every single
color manually. And since I know the
direction that I want, that's exactly
what I'm going to do.
So, for the canvas, I wanted that
architectural limestone. And limestone
is a warmer color. And right here, this
isn't as warm as I would like it to be.
It's uh it's pretty devoid of of really
any warmth. So, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to nudge it on the color hue
just just a little bit towards that
orange, and then I'm just going to move
it a little bit down until I kind of
feel something that, you know, feels
nice and warm. All right, so
that looks good.
Let's move on to primary.
Primary is the ink. It's headings, body
text, it's the core content.
And currently, it's this navy blue,
which has good contrast against the warm
limestone white. The feeling I'm going
for is asphalt. So, again, I'm just
going to modify the color, just drop it
down to sort of a dark asphalt. And yes,
okay, that looks good. Next up is
secondary. It needs to be a little more
subdued so the primary text can have the
focus.
And lastly, there's tertiary. And
tertiary
can be the accent. You can use this for
the most important button so the hover
state of less important buttons. It's
the call to action. It's the loudest,
but it's used the least.
It's third in volume, but it's first in
visual pull.
And I wanted to set this to that clay
color. So, I'm going to move around on
the wheel till it feels something that
is like a nice old dirt track clay. And
this earthy red is going to pull your
eye right to the action. So, the next
part of the design system are fonts. The
font hierarchy sets up headline, body,
and label. And you can specify which
values you want for each. This design
system set up Newsreader as the
headline, and this makes sense because I
conveyed a very fancy and authoritative
and historical tone.
But that's not quite the direction I
want to go with. So, you know, I've been
cheating because, you know, I I have to
prepare the video. So, I really like
Public Sans for this because one of the
goals is is that I want to have the
reverence for the marathon and for it to
feel like a a prestigious journal, but
approachable at the same time. So,
Public Sans is great for that because it
feels official, but it is a rounder,
more friendly font.
So, I'm going to set that for both the
headline and the body. And then for the
label, I'm going to set it to Space
Grotesque. Now, a note on Space
Grotesque.
We all have our opinions on fonts, and
you know, like I I
Space Grotesque has its place, and it's
in labels. That's my opinion. That that
is my opinion. I think that it's
fantastic in labels. It looks like a
timestamp. It it looks very official.
But Space Grotesque,
I don't think it's like the best for
headlines. And
that's going to happen in Stitch. It's
going to generate headlines with Space
Grotesque, and
and I can't stop it. You know, that's I
I can't. I would just recommend, you
know, use other fonts. It's a great code
font. It's a great label font. It's a
great timestamp font. Keep it out of
your headlines. Do me a favor. That's my
opinion. It's my opinion. All right.
Next up
is this corner radius.
And you can set it to a pretty much a
non value or a very round value
or a extremely round value. And this
gives me some pause because I want the
friendliness, so that that's going to
be, you know, some round. But I, you
know, I also want it to be like
stationary, and stationary tends to not
be round. It's got hard edges. So, this
is this is one of those
you got to decide moments in in design,
and this was so
I'm I'm going to lean towards the
approachability, so so I'm going to go
with the the little the little round.
You know, we can always change this
later.
So, now I have a new design system, but
to apply it to this design, I need to
right-click it and select update to the
latest design system. All right, so this
this looks pretty good. I I really do
love the Public Sans font. I cheated,
but it's it's good. It's a great font.
So, I want to preview this, and I can
click the preview icon at the top, or I
can just hit Shift P. And this opens it
up in this nice Stitch responsive
viewer. And as I scroll through, I can
see that, you know, this this does this
already looks so much better. There's
there's some work still, but this is a
lot better from the original design. It
feels like it has a lot of direction
going for it. There's stuff I want to
change, but you know, I I already feel
miles better. So, this next part is it's
my favorite, and that's layout. Because
layout is it's the coolest, but the
great part about layout is is that you
get to think about what is that core
emotion that you're trying to convey. I
want the user to feel like they're in
the city already. I want them to feel
immersion. As much as I love layouts,
sometimes I can't find the right one for
the right situation, and I just I feel
stuck. When that happens, though, I
think about the site and its physical
application. Well, if my website was a
book, what kind of book would it be?
Well, to me, it is clearly a coffee
table book. Coffee table books have
full-page imagery, dense information,
and editorial headings. And on the web,
the layout that best represents a coffee
table book, in in my opinion, is a
lookbook. So, to set these layouts, I'm
going to use variants. Variants are
incredible because they allow you to
create more than one go at your design,
and you can scope it to specific
aspects. You can also set the level of
creativity. Refine is, you know, just a
little bit, not too much. Explore, to
me, that's the sweet spot. And
reimagine, that one that one can go
pretty wild. Buckle up when you use that
one. It can be fun, but it goes places.
So, in this case, I'm going to select
explore, and I'm going to write a custom
prompt. I'm going to ask it to explore
an editorial lookbook layout. I want it
to be editorial, so it has those big
headers and that editorial feel. The
lookbook
will really express that specific layout
with the imagery.
And I really want to double down on the
large editorial headings over images.
And then lastly, this is a little flare
that I find to be pretty useful.
When you want really nice big headings,
is you you tell it that you want it to
be like a luxury travel magazine. All
right. Let's generate five,
and let's see what we got. All right.
I think that these are much better.
In some ways, it's changed the
aesthetic.
Instead of the big white page that puts
the text front and center, it now
blends it and shares the attention with
the text in the image, and there's some
really good applications there, and that
could send a good message.
And the large editorial layouts, they're
they're probably too large, but
I'm a sucker for them, so I'm just going
to keep it like that for now.
And as we go through, we have lots of
imagery, lots of large text, and the
layout is pretty cohesive. And I I
really like this one over here where we
have the uh the three-column images,
sort of these marathon cards. These
These are really good. These have a lot
of potential.
And the important thing to think about
here is that you're not
picking and choosing is it this one
screen versus the other.
Ultimately, every single bit of these
elements on these screens, they these
are components, and Stitch allows you to
export your screens as HTML, and from
there you can slice and dice them up
into these little components, and as
long as they fit on the same layouts,
which is very much the case with these
screens, they're going to just like
click in like building blocks.
All right. So, this gives us a lot of
good options, but there is one
commonality across all the generated
screens from this new layout that
just needs a little bit of changing, and
that is the imagery.
So, I'm going to create another variant,
and I'm going to choose this one cuz I I
like this one has a good imagery
potential.
I'm going to set it to explore, and I'm
going to give it a prompt to focus on
the major cities. Use major marathon
city images that convey the scale and
grandeur of the event.
And I also want it to use a minimalist
cinematic photography of the road race
courses. And this is going to be a lot
of imagery
that is maybe one person running on the
road, or a road that is empty and has a
vanishing point off in the distance.
And I wanted to avoid sort of that
cliche runners on the road images.
All right. So, let's generate these.
All right. This has some potential here.
The layout is a little less lookbooky
than I wanted, and so I could have also
tuned that in the variant as well. And
maybe I should have, but
there are some pretty cool things going
on here. The third generation over here
to the right has some pretty wild
typography treatment, and it's pretty
interesting, and it's actually telling
me that I like Public Sans more bold
than I do not bold, and it's normal font
weight
for these headers. So, that's pretty
cool.
So, I've learned a lot already by going
through all these different revisions.
I've learned which fonts I like, the
color scheme, and a lot more of the
direction is in place. And sometimes
when I get to that point where it's
starting to feel like the idea is
crystallizing, I move on to a new
project. You can take the design MD
and copy it, and you could paste that
right into a new prompt for Stitch
because it contains all of the direction
that we've established, and then it will
create a pretty good first generation.
So, I'm not going to use the design MD
that was generated in this design system
because I have another design MD that I
worked on uh while preparing for this
video that I really like, and I spent a
lot of time on it, and I think it
presents like really good results. And I
want you to see this design MD, what it
looks like, with the details in it. And
you can even use it for your own base
prompts. You can go into Gemini, and you
can write in a new app idea. Like I can
go and write in the Washington D.C.
tours with the neoclassicism
and all of the grandeur and the
Jefferson Memorial that I can't stop
talking about.
And
send in this one as an example, and I
think you can get pretty good results.
So, I will leave a link to that design
MD in the description, and you can check
it out and and use it, and you let me
know like if you got good results with
it. All right. So, this gives me this
site, and
I really like the input elements on it,
and I really like the typography as
well. But the grid, it's boring. So, I'm
going to quickly just set some variants
for the layout, for the images, and I'm
going to tell it to explore the lookbook
editorial, and then I'm going to tell it
to also use large typographic headings.
All right. So,
it came up with a nice mixture of
layouts that emphasize the text on white
or the text on the image, which is good
to look at these options. And I really
like a lot of these directions here and
and some of these components. But let me
go and preview this one right here
because I'm pretty sure this one is
going to be interactive.
So, when I scroll down to this, yes,
this is a horizontal scroller. And this
was definitely
directed by the lookbook layout. So, I'm
really happy with the way this looks.
But to me, there's just this one thing
that feels off.
And that's the content. It doesn't feel
real. So, scrolling through this, the
aesthetic is clearly there. The colors,
the layout, the typography, it's all
working. But reading the text, it's
generic. My app is a community app for
marathoners, and the heading, the elite
calendar,
you know, that's not quite what I'm
looking for. But there is one thing you
can do that will vastly improve the way
this looks on the page, and that is
copywriting. And no, you don't have to
think about all the text all yourself. I
mean, it's 2026. Like we got lots of
tools for that. And one of my favorites
are using an agent skill.
So, here at skills.sh, there's a whole
repository of all of these agent skills
that have all this knowledge and
expertise
all tied in with all of these tools.
Now, if you don't have a lot of
familiarity with running command-line
tools or uh development tools,
it's okay. There's an easy way to still
get set up here.
So, in skills.sh, the repository of open
agent skills, I can type in copywriting,
and up the top,
there is a copywriting skill, which is
in a GitHub repository of marketing
skills that is written by Corey Haines.
Thank you, Corey. This one's great.
We can click into the GitHub repo
and give it a star.
And you can take a look at the actual
content, clicking into skills, and then
the skill MD, and all of the reference
content as well. So, if you are not
familiar with command-line tools, agent
skills, or any development tools for
that matter, that's okay.
These skills are largely just really
good information packaged up with what
tools it needs to use. And this skill is
really dependent on the information. So,
you can copy this text, and you can send
that over to Gemini, and type in this
process that I'm going to be following
down in Antigravity, and you'll get very
similar results. So, here in
Antigravity, I'm going to install this
command. I'm going to run the skill. I'm
going to set it to the default
installation, set it to local. It has
the copywriting skill installed at the
project level.
So, I'm going to paste in some
information about my app. And this right
here is all the information that I've
talked about so far.
What the app is, all of the community
aspects, the history of the marathon.
And then I'm also going to add in my
design MD cuz it has a lot of really
good information that is useful in
copywriting.
Then here in the agent manager, I can
use the slash command to select the
copywriting skill. And then I'm going to
tell it to use the copy prompt MD file
and design MD as context about the site.
So, into gravity using Gemini 3.1 Pro
high on planning mode
gives me this archival marathon
community copy. And it's giving me this
as this reviewable document where I can
put comments on. And this is really good
for this case because there are edits
that I'm going to want to apply. So, I'm
going to change the page title and the
meta description. Select the option C
for the headline.
Make some comments on the sub headlines
and a bunch of other little things that
are tailored to how I want my page copy
to be.
I'm going to submit this revision.
And I have myself I think what is a
pretty good copy. So, back in my
project, I'm going to select this
screen.
Choose five variants on explore.
And I'm going to target layout
images and text content only and paste
in this copy.
And for good measure, I'm going to
target this screen just in the prompt
box and send
a prompt with the copy as well.
And look at that.
We have more marathon names, real tips,
real CTAs, and it doesn't feel just like
a template anymore. So, let me pull up
this preview one more time.
This is where we started.
And this is where we ended. And you can
take this direction even further. Like
in this case, I generated these pages
for the specific marathon screens. And
without a prompting, without asking,
because I have all this context and
because I have all this direction, I got
this really cool elevation map.
All right. So, here is the process.
Start with empathy. Who is the site for
and how do you want them to feel? And
then you can move on to things like
colors to represent these emotions and
the aesthetics. Then typography and
imagery and the layout. Think about the
physical objects that you can represent
with the layout and how they can be
structuring the content to do its job.
And then use the right copy because it's
going to make the site feel real.
Stitch does not replace the design
process. It's a design tool. And the
best designs come from thought,
understanding your content, and setting
a creative direction. And once you have
a design that you love, Stitch helps you
get to building because you can export
your screens as code. And if you're
interested in that, then let me know
because that is what I'm going to be
covering in the next video.